cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BLST_TEST_NO_STD
Using blst source directory /Users/mdabdurrazzak/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst
cargo:rerun-if-changed=/Users/mdabdurrazzak/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst/src
TARGET = Some("wasm32-unknown-unknown")
HOST = Some("aarch64-apple-darwin")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CC
TARGET_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
DEBUG = Some("false")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CFLAGS
TARGET_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CC
TARGET_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CFLAGS
TARGET_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CC
TARGET_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CFLAGS
TARGET_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CC
TARGET_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CFLAGS
TARGET_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CC
TARGET_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CFLAGS
TARGET_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_wasm32-unknown-unknown
AR_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_wasm32_unknown_unknown
AR_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_AR
TARGET_AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR
AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
ARFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
ARFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_ARFLAGS
TARGET_ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS
ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=blst
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=/Users/mdabdurrazzak/RadInsu/security/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/build/blst-aee7df9c4c6198f0/out
cargo:BINDINGS=/Users/mdabdurrazzak/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst/bindings
cargo:C_SRC=/Users/mdabdurrazzak/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst/src
